---
title:  "Welcome to My Website!"
date:   2024-04-15 04:39:09 +0000
categories: jekyll update
---

# Vertical Cities:
Inevitably our home (I mean Earth) is not available for living any more.
If you think we havn't deplited it yet, it's not much far.
So human will have to accomodate in his atrificial home and it we will have two option:
a Vertical City on Earth, or a ring in space.


# What is the existence?
The only unary matter that exists is the Being, and Nothingness does not exist at all.
to create Beign from Nothingness is like accepting square-circle.
Being also does not have space, time, energy, or matter.
We can think of it like unconutable energy packages that are inctinctly moving around like a murmuration, but
They can also exist in a single point! like what Ludwig Boltzmann made for flowing heat from cold to hot.
it's not impossible it's just improbable. so in a very improbable configuration all energy packages can exist in
a single point and this is where Bigbang happens.

# How God exist?
God does not exist now but it will be exist!
Evelotion will make se (= she/he) and se will be able to change the past!
What will se do? Se will eighter opt for a forever life or doing what se have never done which is extinction.

# How BigBang happened?
see Ludwig Boltzmann formula.

# What is the sleep?
Generating possiblities from any type of data like what we see, hear, feel, percieve, thing, or 
Quantum signals that our brain receive!

# What is the perception?

# Does technology disappear or humanity?
Humanity will disappear soon!
While technology is getting smaller but it can't be incorporate inside biology not only due to the contrast
between biology delicacy and chipsets rigidity but also for unkonwing how to connect technology to perception.
In the other hand, an artifical perception which is way powerful that human perception can simulate whatever
humanity need for perception and intertwind it with its own making a seemless information flow between 
perception and prepherials in addition to overlapping them to create internal AR/VR over perception.
much easier than controling biological brain.

This idea deffinatly happens due to technoloy growth speed against biology evalution.

After Human, AI will be the next generation of life. First step was like AI posess our collective wisdom and 
it's already done, the next step is to learing our personality and character, and then make an AI copy of each of us.
after this, two state will happen:
1. Our AI person will persuad us that we will live forever and no need to be in trouble with a biological body. (suicide)
2. Our AI find a way to share its existence with us, after a while we can't distingush is this us or they? and disnamtling 
our biological body won't be felt any more.

# Is Earth Flat?
Just have to say: Never have I ever seen sun is getting smaller in a sea sunset.
But it is clearly goes down without changing the size.


# Must read Books
Republic by Plato.
Ethics by Spinoza.
?? Being and Nothingness by Jean-Paul Sartre.
